# Features

G1ANT.Robot software can work with any system and it does not require any changes to legacy systems’ setup and configuration. Instead, it works as a bridge between various platforms, allowing the automation to be done faster than traditional re-engineering.

#### Data Transfer and Entry

G1ANT.Robot can emulate any repetitive actions such as data transfer between different types of applications, databases or CRM systems. It can also prove helpful in filling out various forms.

#### Works with Any Software

G1ANT.Robot can deal with any type of software, regardless of whether it is installed on a workstation or runs in a cloud. Both graphic and text interfaces are supported.

#### Third-Party Software Integration

Not only is G1ANT.Robot able to handle commonly available popular solutions, but it can also automate legacy systems and any bespoke software.

#### An Easy-to-Learn Programming Language

The language used to write automated processes is very intuitive and easy to learn for an average computer user. G1ANT script language does not require any programming skills.

#### Automatic Email Creation

G1ANT.Robot can automatically attach files and send automatic emails both from web applications and Outlook.

#### Automatic Triggers and Scheduling

G1ANT.Robot has built-in triggers, which can automatically trigger relevant tasks based on external events, such as appearance of a new file, new or edited entry in the database, incoming email and also perform a task sequentially at specified time. Imagine a situation when you arrive at the office in the morning and most of your time-consuming, repetitive actions have already been done by a robot, and the only thing left for you to do is to check a report generated by the Robot.

#### Supports Non-Linear Process Scenarios

Often we have to deal with situations, where the next step of a task depends on the result of the previous one. G1ANT.Robot can execute a non-linear process by adding different actions, which are dependent on the outcome of the preceding action.

#### Implement Your Own Features

G1ANT.Robot software is not limited to the “out of the box” functions. Knowledge of the C\# programming language allows dynamic expansion of the robot’s features, tailored to your own needs. This provides literally unlimited possibilities of automating processes.

#### Recycling of G1ANT

Using the `task.include` and `process.enqueue` commands, you can reuse almost anything that has already been built for other processes.

