# Features

G1ANT.Robot software can work with any system and it does not require any changes to legacy systems’ setup and configuration. Instead, it works as a bridge between various platforms allowing the automations to be done with less amount of time than traditional re-engineering.

### Data transfer and entry

G1ANT Robot can emulate any repetitive actions such as data transfer between different types of applications, databases or CRM systems. It can also prove helpful in filling out various forms.

### Works with any software

G1ANT Robot can deal with any type of software, regardless of whether it is installed on a workstation or runs on a web. Both graphic and textual interfaces are supported.

### Third-party software integration

Not only is G1ANT Robot able to handle commonly available popular solutions, but it can also automate legacy systems and any bespoke software.

### An easy-to-learn programming language

The language used to write automated processes is very intuitive and easy to learn for an average computer user. G1ANT Robot script language does not require programming skills.

### Automatic email creation

G1ANT Robot can automatically attach files and send automatic emails both from web page applications and Outlook.

### Automatic triggers and scheduling

G1ANT.Robot has built-in triggers which can automatically trigger relevant tasks based on external events, such as appearance of a new file, new or edited entry in the database, incoming email and also perform a task sequentially at a specific time of day. Imagine a situation when you arrive at the office in the morning and most of your time-consuming, repetitive actions have already been done by a robot, and the only thing left for you to do is to check a report generated by the Robot.

### Supports non-linear process scenarios

Often we have to deal with situations where the next step of a task depends on the result of the previous one. G1ANT.Robot can execute a non-linear process by adding different actions, which are dependent on the outcome of the preceding action.

### Version control

Every task is recorded in the Dashboard (SQL Server). The history of processes is stored there. Also, loop invariants check the versions of currently running robots, and in case there is an issue, the task is restarted.

### Keyboard and mouse recorder

G1ANT.Robot has built in recording and playback feature for simple processes, which is particularly helpful for someone who’s not very technical. All it requires is running recording feature and performing the processes on computer using mouse and keyboard as you would normally do.

### Implement your own features

G1ANT Robot software is not limited to the “out of the box” functions. Having knowledge of the C# programming language allows dynamic expansion of the robot’s features, tailored to your own needs. This provides literally unlimited possibilities of automating processes.

### Ready solutions available

In the section Ready solutions, we present various ready-made solutions, for quick and easy typing processes. You can modify and customize them without obstacles for your own needs, so that they suit perfectly the work you do.

### Recycling of G1ANT

Using `task.include` command, you can reuse almost anything that has already been built for other processes.
